This document lists the normal convention I use for multiboxing keys.
There are execptions throughout for various expansions.
This does not cover vanilla.
Some of these conventions are up to YOU to set up.

1 -- setup/melee follow. This key is for buffs (out of combat) or for making
melee follow the raid leader.
  (classic/wotlk/tbc) BUFF ROTATION. See the side bar on the right? When out
of combat, the 1 key will click the top left sidebar button, then the next
button down, then the next button down. 6 button rotation. PARTY BUFFS GO
HERE. The first one should be self buff. This is set up automatically for you,
but you can mess with it.

alt-1 -- this key makes everyone focus the main target and STOP DPS/Interrupt
Casting. You should also make it return your pets (/petpassive [mod:alt]
/petfollow [mod:alt]

shift-1 -- this key is special--put a spell here that you want to cast one at
a time  throughout your raid, such as death grip or whatever. Or a warrior or
druid tank will put a pull spell here. Resets on alt-4 (follow)

2 -- single target dps--up to you how single you want this. Recommend
absolutely single target in classic, otherwise you pop sheep.
  SPECIAL wotlk/tbc! Simultaneously presses Shift-5/Shift-6 (aux1/aux2). Put
spells in there!

alt-2 -- warriors/druids charge. tanks taunt.

ctrl-2 -- reactive abilities for all classes should be here, example, revenge
on retail prot warriors.

shift-2 -- Classes with crowd control will CC on shift-2. Classes without
crowd control will clear target so they don't accidentally hit  the sheep.

3 -- dps multiple targets, possibly at range. No aoe spells.
  SPECIAL wotlk/tbc! Simultaneously presses Shift-7 (aux3). Put a spell in
there that goes with multi/aoe!

shift-3 -- interrupt spellcasting. This is a toggle ability. It will cast on
your raid leader, then raid2, raid3, raid4, on later clicks. Resets on alt-4
(follow)

4 -- turbo. Blow all dps cooldowns.

alt-4 -- raid will focus the toon where your mouse is and immediately start
following. ONLY WORKS IN GROUP OR RAID. Shaman will totemic recall. The camera
will reset position. All toggle keys will reset.

ctrl-4 -- Mount up. Dismount.

5 -- AOE! Hellfire, Arcane explosion, volley, blood boil, fire nova,
hurricane, ALL DROPPED ON THE STACK. Not targetable.

Shift-5 -- (wotlk/tbc only) aux1. Simultaneously gets pressed with the 2 key.
Put a good spell in here, noob. 

6 -- Self heal, saving abilities. Healers heal themselves with a quick heal.
Drop survival abilities. (Icebound, pain suppression, etc) I dunno, this is up
to you to write. 

Shift-6 -- (wotlk/tbc only) aux2. Simultaneously gets pressed with the 2 key.
Put a good spell in here, noob.

Shift-7 -- (wotlk/tbc only) aux2. Simultaneously gets pressed with the 3 or 5 key.
Put a good spell in here that goes with multitarget, noob.

8 -- Rez spell. Not targeted. Select target in window.

0 -- PARTY UP! Crucial button! This invites everyone in your toonlist to
party. YOU must change to raid on some expansions. Will fix this later.

= -- Drink or food.

F1-F10 -- Heal raid1-raid10

F11 -- Switch Picture-in-picture for 2 boxing.

F12 -- Make a line out of your raid. raid2 follows raid1. raid3 follows raid2,
etc.

Macros on the sidebar--
a0-a10 -- Assist the window where your mouse is. You do not click these. These are automatically clicked. 

focusme -- focus the leader. You do not click this. Automatically clicked on
alt-4 (follow) only in the window where your mouse is.

hearthstone -- tilde click this, or individually click. I don't know your
life.

sdm -- open the SuperDuperMacro interface. Tilde-click this.

dance -- DANCE! tilde-click this.

leave -- leave party. Individually click or tilde-click.

reload -- Reload ui. tilde-click, individulally click, or just do ctrl-l and
everyone will /reload



